tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:1:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/split-at must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:2:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/map must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:3:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/cons must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:4:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/first must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:5:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/next must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:6:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/rest must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:7:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/second must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:8:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/ffirst must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:9:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/nfirst must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:10:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/fnext must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:11:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/nnext must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:12:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/seq must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:13:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/instance? must have type Type, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:14:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/ex-info must have type String, got ArrayMap
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:14:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/ex-info must have type Map, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:15:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/first must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:16:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/assoc must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:17:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/with-meta must have type Meta, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:18:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/with-meta must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:19:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/last must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:20:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/butlast must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:21:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/cast must have type Type, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:22:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/vec must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:23:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/list* must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:24:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/apply must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:24:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/apply must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:26:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/concat must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:26:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/concat must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:27:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/zero? must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:28:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/nth must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:30:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/< must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:30:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/< must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:31:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/inc' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:32:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/inc must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:33:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of #'joker.core/reduce must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:33:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of #'joker.core/reduce must have type Seqable, got Int
