tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:27:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to core/map
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:28:1: Parse warning: core/*assert* is not a function
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:29:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to user/f1
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:30:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to user/f2
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:31:1: Parse warning: user/v1 is not a function
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:32:1: Parse warning: 1 is not a function
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:33:1: Parse warning:  is not a function
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:34:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to fn
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:35:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to :t
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:36:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (3) passed to :t
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:37:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to a map
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:38:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (3) passed to a map
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:39:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to a map
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:40:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (3) passed to a map
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:41:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to a set
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:42:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (2) passed to a set
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:43:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (0) passed to a set
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:44:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (2) passed to a set
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:45:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/=
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:46:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/not=
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:47:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/<
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:48:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/>
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:49:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/<=
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:50:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/>=
tests/linter/function-call/input.clj:51:1: Parse warning: Wrong number of args (1) passed to core/==
