tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:1:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got List
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:2:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:3:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:4:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:5:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Collection
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:6:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:7:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:8:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:9:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:10:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:11:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:12:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:13:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:14:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got ExInfo
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:15:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Associative
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:16:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Map
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:17:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:18:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Vector
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:19:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Vector
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:20:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got MapSet
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:21:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:22:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:23:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:24:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:25:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:26:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:27:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:28:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:29:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:30:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:31:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Symbol
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:32:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Symbol
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:33:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Nil
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:34:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Nil
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:35:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Nil
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:36:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Keyword
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:37:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:38:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:39:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:40:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:41:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:42:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:43:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:44:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:45:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:46:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:47:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:48:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:49:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:50:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:51:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Collection
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:52:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:53:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:54:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:55:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:56:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:57:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:58:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:59:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:60:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:61:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:62:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:63:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:64:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:65:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:66:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:67:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:68:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:69:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:70:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Number
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:71:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:72:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:73:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:74:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:75:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:76:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:77:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:78:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:79:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:80:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:81:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:82:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:83:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:84:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:85:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:86:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:87:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:88:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:89:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:90:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Boolean
tests/linter/types-3/input.clj:93:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got Seq
